1.React
    -It is javascript library used for building user interfaces.
    -Uses to build
        a.Web applications
        b.Desktop applications
        c.Mobile applications
        d.Single page applications(SPA)
        c.Progressive web app(PWPs)

    -It uses virtual dom which is a lightweight copy of real dom.
    -It only render or update the part of the UI that have changed instead of re-rendering entire application.
    -This makes React fast and efficient.

    Internal working of react is
        -React maintains a Virtual DOM(it is lightweight copy of real dom.)
        -when the state or props changes
            1.React create a new virtual dom 
            2.It compares it with old virtual dom
            3.It identifies the differences (this process is diffing)
            4.It updates only the changed parts in the real DOM (browser DOM)
            5.Then the new Virtual DOM becomes the reference for next update

            This entire process is called Reconciliation.

2.State
    It is a component-specify-memory means
        It remember things like
            Current input value
            Selected image
            Shopping cart items
            Toggle (on/off)
            Counter value
    
    It is used to store data that change over time and affects how components render or behavious

    To add the state in react we use
        useState hook - useState()

        it return an array of exactly two values
            1.current state
            2.setter function

3.components
    They are the just normal function which return the jsx(javascrpt syntax extension).
    They are reusable building blocks in react used to build UI.

4.props
    they are a one way communication between parent to child component.
    the data is passed from parent to child component only.
    props are readonly, meaning child component cannot modify them

    props drilling-
        passing props at multiple nested components like parent to child, child to child.
        even if intermediate component not use this data

5.React-router-dom
    It is a standard library used for handling routing, allows navigation between different components or pages within a react application.
    it enables single page applications (SPAs), by handling url changes and render pages based on url without require full page reload.

5.Hooks
    hooks are special functions in react that allows to use react features in funtional components.
    It are used to add extra functionality in react components.

    useState
    useEffect
    useReducer
    useCallback
    useMemo
    useRef

6.useContext
    It is hook in react use to make a state globally.
    we dont need to pass props manually through each level of component tree we can access state directly    